c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\TelericGis.dll.config
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\TelericGis.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\TelericGis.pdb
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\Kendo.Mvc.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\Kendo.Mvc.xml
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\bg-BG\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\cs-CZ\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\da-DK\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\de-DE\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\es-ES\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\fr-FR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\it-IT\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\nl-NL\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\pl-PL\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\pt-BR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\pt-PT\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\ro-RO\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\ru-RU\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\sv-SE\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\tr-TR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\uk-UA\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\zh-CN\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\obj\Debug\TelericGis.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\obj\Debug\TelericGis.dll
c:\users\marta\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TelericGis\TelericGis\obj\Debug\TelericGis.pdb
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\TelericGis.dll.config
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\TelericGis.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\TelericGis.pdb
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\Kendo.Mvc.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\System.Spatial.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\Kendo.Mvc.xml
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\System.Spatial.xml
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\bg-BG\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\cs-CZ\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\da-DK\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\de-DE\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\es-ES\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\fr-FR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\it-IT\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\nl-NL\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\pl-PL\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\pt-BR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\pt-PT\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\ro-RO\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\ru-RU\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\sv-SE\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\tr-TR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\uk-UA\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\zh-CN\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\obj\Debug\TelericGis.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\obj\Debug\TelericGis.pdb
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\gis\TelericGis\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
